release: v1.49.0 (#5418)
apollographql/router: .changesets/fix_bnjjj_fix_selector_context.md

> ### Add support of response_context selector when it's in error ([PR #5288](https://github.com/apollographql/router/pull/5288))
> 
> Provides the ability to configure custom instruments. For example:
> 
> ```yaml
> http.server.request.timeout:
>   type: counter
>   value: unit
>   description: "request in timeout"
>   unit: request
>   attributes:
>     graphql.operation.name:
>       response_context: operation_name
>   condition:
>     eq:
>     - "request timed out"
>     - error: reason
> ```
> 
> By [@bnjjj](https://github.com/bnjjj) in https://github.com/apollographql/router/pull/5288

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Add support of `response_context selector` when in errors ([PR #5288](https://github.com/apollographql/router/pull/5288))

Provides the ability to configure custom instruments. For example:

```yaml
http.server.request.timeout:
  type: counter
  value: unit
  description: "request in timeout"
  unit: request
  attributes:
    graphql.operation.name:
      response_context: operation_name
  condition:
    eq:
    - "request timed out"
    - error: reason
```

By [@bnjjj](https://github.com/bnjjj) in https://github.com/apollographql/router/pull/5288
```
